Additional detailed description for window impls (#1360)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/ballerina-streaming-reference.md

* length
* lengthBatch
* sort
* externalTime
* externalTimeBatch
* uniqueLength
* delay
* timeAccum
* hopping
* timeOrder

1.  time window

    `time(int windowTime)`

>     A sliding time window that holds events that arrived during the last `windowTime` period at a given time, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At a given time, this sliding time window holds the events that arrived during the last `windowTime` period. 
```

>     gets updated for each event arrival and expiry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Also, it gets updated on the arrival and expiry of each event.
```

>     gets updated for each event arrival and expiry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
```

2.  timeBatch window

    `timeBatch(int windowTime)`

>     A batch (tumbling) time window that holds events that arrive during `windowTime` periods, and gets updated for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A batch (tumbling) time window holds the events that arrive during `windowTime` periods, and gets updated on
```

>     each `windowTime`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

3. timeLength window

    `timelength(int windowTime, int windowLength)`

>     A sliding time window that, at a given time holds the last `windowLength` events that arrived during last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At a given time, a sliding time window holds the last `windowLength` events that arrived during the last
```
Is it the "the last `windowLength` event or events?

>     `windowTime` period, and gets updated for every event arrival and expiry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `windowTime` period, and gets updated on the arrival and expiry of every event.
```

4. length window
    `length(int windowLength)`

>     A sliding length window that holds the last `windowLength` events at a given time, and gets updated for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At a given time, a sliding length window holds the last `windowLength` events, and gets updated on 
```
The last `windowLength` event or events?

>     arrival and expiry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the arrival and expiry of each event.
```

5. lengthBatch window

    `lengthBatch(int windowLength)`

>     A batch (tumbling) length window that holds a number of events specified as the `windowLength`. The window is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A batch (tumbling) length window holds a number of events of a specific`windowLength`. The window is
```

>     updated each time a batch of events that equals the number specified as the `windowLength` arrives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    updated each time a batch of events, equal to the number specified as the `windowLength` arrives.
```

6. externalTime window

    `externalTime(timeStamp, int windowTime)`

>     A sliding time window based on external time. It holds events that arrived during the last `windowTime` period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A sliding time window is based on external time. It holds events that arrived during the last `windowTime` period
```

>     from the external `timestamp`, and gets updated on every monotonically increasing `timestamp`. Here the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    from the external `timestamp`, and gets updated on every `timestamp` that increases monotonically. The
```

>     `timeStamp` should be an attribute of the record which is used as the constraint type of relevant input stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `timeStamp` should be an attribute of the record, which is used as the constraint type of the relevant input stream.
```

>     As the `timeStamp` parameter you should pass `<streamName>.<attiributeName>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should pass `<streamName>.<attiributeName>`as the `timeStamp` parameter.
```

7. externalTimeBatch window

    `externalTimeBatch(timeStamp, int windowTime, int? startTime, int? timeout)`

>     A batch (tumbling) time window based on external time, that holds events arrived during `windowTime` periods, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A batch (tumbling) time window is based on external time. It gets updated every `windowTime` and holds events that arrived during the specified `windowTime` periods.
```

>      gets updated for every `windowTime`. Here the `timeStamp` should be an attribute of the record which is used as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The `timeStamp` should be an attribute of the record, which is used as
```

>      the constraint type of relevant input stream. As the `timeStamp` parameter you should pass `<streamName>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     the constraint type of relevant input stream. You should pass `<streamName>` as the value of the`timeStamp` parameter. 
```

>      .<attiributeName>`. Parameters `startTime` and `timeout` are optional parameters. `startTime` can be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The `startTime` and `timeout` parameters are optional. `startTime` can be used to
```

>      specify a user defined time to start the first batch. `timeout` is time to wait for arrival of new event, before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     specify a time defined by the user to start the first batch. `timeout` is the time to wait for the arrival of a new event, before
```

>       flushing and giving output for events belonging to a specific batch. Usually `timeout` is greater than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      flushing and sending output for events belonging to a specific batch. Usually, `timeout` is greater than
```

      `windowTime`.

8. uniqueLength window

    `uniqueLength(uniqueAttribute, int windowLength)`

>     A sliding length window that returns unique events within the `windowLength` based on the given `uniqueAttribute`

Reviewer: A sliding length window that returns unique events within the `windowLength` based on the given `uniqueAttribute`. The `uniqueAttribute` should be an attribute of the record, which is used as the constraint type of the relevant input stream.

>     . Here the `uniqueAttribute` should be an attribute of the record which is used as the constraint type of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
```

    relevant input stream.

9. delay window

    `delay(int delayTime)`

>     A delay window holds events for a specific time period(`delayTime`) that is regarded as a delay period before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A delay window holds events of a specific time period(`delayTime`), which is regarded as a delay period before
```

    processing them.

10. sort window

    `sort(int windowLength, attributeName, string order)`

>     A sort sort window holds a batch of events that equal the number specified as the `windowLength` and sorts them

Reviewer: A sort window holds a batch of events that equals the number specified as the `windowLength` and sorts them in the given `order` of the given `attributeName`. The `attributeName` should be an attribute of the record, which is used as the constraint type of the relevant input stream. You can have multiple `attributeName` fields followed by its `order`.

    in the given `order` of given `attributeName`. Here the `attributeName` should be an attribute of the record
    which is used as the constraint type of relevant input stream. You can have multiple `attributeName` fields
    followed by it's `order`.

11. timeAccum window

    `timeAccum(int timePeriod)`

>     A sliding window that accumulates events until no more events arrive within the `timePeriod`, and only then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A sliding window that accumulates events until no more events arrive within the `timePeriod`, and releases them only then.
```

>     releases the accumulated events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   
```

12. hopping window

    `hopping(int windowTime, int hoppingTime)`

>     A hopping window holds the events arrived within last `windowTime` and release them in every `hoppingTime` period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A hopping window holds the events that arrived within the last `windowTime` and releases them in every `hoppingTime` period.
```

13. timeOrder window

    `timeOrder(timestamp, int windowTime, boolean dropOlderEvents)`

>     A timeOrder window orders events that arrive out-of-order, using timestamp values provided by `timestamp`, and

Reviewer: A timeOrder window orders events that arrive out-of-order by comparing  the `timestamp` values against the system time. `windowTime` is the duration of the window. 

The `dropOlderEvents` flag determines whether to drop the events, which have timestamp value less than the tail-time of the current window. Tail-time is a period of `windowTime` before the system time. 

The `timeStamp` should be an attribute of the record, which is used as the constraint type of the relevant input stream. You should pass `<streamName>.<attiributeName>` as the values of the `timeStamp` parameter.
